DAN: When Drago inherited the powers of the Sacred Orb
we thought it would be a blessing,
but instead it's a curse. He can't control his energy.
And both of us are being haunted by visions
of a sinister masked man called Mag Mel
and his Bakugan Razenoid.
Everywhere we turn, evil forces like Teams Anubias
and Sellon are infiltrating Bakugan Interspace.
DAN: Luckily we can count on Marucho and Shun.
We might just have a chance of regaining control
of Bakugan Interspace and banishing Mag Mel for good!
\u266a What are ya gonna do? \u266a
\u266a The odds are stacked against you, \u266a
\u266a Back against the wall, You gotta give it your all, \u266a
\u266a -a-a-a-a-a This is the final stand, \u266a
\u266a -a-a-a-a-a The powers in your hand! \u266a
\u266a Two worlds collide, On the inside, \u266a
\u266a You got to fight for what's right, \u266a
\u266a Before it's gone, gone, gone... \u266a
\u266a This is BAKUGAN!
SHUN: Huh?
SHUN: I'm trying to relax here. What's up?
MARUCHO: Well Shun, I've been reviewing your battle
stats lately and I've noticed something rather troubling.
Your dive-in access times are way over the safe limit.
If you don't take a break soon,
you're in danger of doing yourself harm.
SHUN: I'm fine, okay? I've never felt better.
MARUCHO: Well if that's true then prove it.
Why don't you fight me next, huh?
SHUN: Huh?
MARUCHO: But here's the deal ... if I win
you have to dive out of Interspace immediately
and take a rest in the real world, okay?
SHUN: And why on Earth would you think I'd agree to that?
I don't have time for your nonsense, Marucho.
Stay out of my way!
MARUCHO: Shun, please.
The Bakugan Battle Brawlers in: Re-connection
DAN: I'm sure the light we saw was...
DRAGO: Code Eve.
Could it really be, Dan?
WYVERN: What is Code Eve?
DRAGO: We first encountered it in Neathia
while fighting off the Gundalians.
The locals referred to it as the Sacred Orb.
WYVERN: I'm not sure I understand, Drago.
Why do you think Code Eve is responsible
for you losing control of your powers?
DAN: Because she's the one who gave them to him.
DRAGO: That was right before she flew away and disappeared.
DAN: Man! If Mag Mel hadn't interrupted us,
we could've pushed Code Eve for some answers.
WYVERN: Perhaps, there is another way
to get those answers.
DAN: Huh?
DRAGO: How?
WYVERN: What if the solution is to go back through
your own memories, to the first time you
encountered Code Eve?
DRAGO: How will that help, Wyvern?
WYVERN: You might find a clue to the truth that
perhaps you've forgotten along the way.
WYVERN: Come on. Let's give it a try.
DAN: I remember this!
It's the place we first saw Code Eve.
WYVERN: That shining ball of light. It's so beautiful.
Is that her?
DRAGO: Yes. The mother energy of all Bakugan.
Inside of her are the DNA codes
for every Bakugan that has ever existed.
DRAGO: I feel it too, but behind it
there's a strange foreboding. It's like I'm connected
to the orb and it can sense danger.
I've never felt anything like this before.
WYVERN: Tell me about that memory, Drago.
DRAGO: Those feelings I was having were because of
the fact that I was one of the two original Bakugan
who were created by Code Eve.
I didn't understand it at the time,
but what I was feeling was that original connection.
Like the bond between mother and child.
WYVERN: Interesting.
DAN: Check it out, dude!
It's the first time we fought against Dharak.
DRAGO: Yes, I remember.
That was an intense battle. Just when it came to a head,
Code Eve's light appeared and tried to separate us.
DAN: Code Eve really saved our bacon that time.
DRAGO: Are you kidding me?
She saved the entire planet from destruction.
WYVERN: And what about this?
DAN: That's when she put Dharak and us to the test.
DRAGO: She had Dharak and I battle each other
by telling us that she would give the winner her powers.
DRAGO: Spire Dragon!
DHARAK: [grunt, pain reax]
DAN: You are one tough cookie, Drago!
DRAGO: Thanks, Dan. It certainly helps a lot
having a partner with skills like yours.
DAN: Let's go!
DAN: Blitz Superior! DRAGO: Blitz Superior!
DHARAK: [grunt, exertion reax]
DRAGO: [grunt, exertion reax]
DHARAK: Aaaarrrggghhhh!
BARODIUS: Dharak!
DHARAK: Aaaaarrrrrrggggghhh! Drago!
CODE EVE: Congratulations, gentlemen. You were victorious
in your battle against Barodius and Dharak.
Now, as promised I will bestow my powers onto you.
Use them wisely.
DRAGO: [gasp] DAN: [grunt]
DRAGO: I just remembered something.
DAN: You and me both, pal.
DAN: That feeling when you went through your last evolution.
DRAGO: It was the same as when we lost control
for the first time.
WYVERN: It appears that you two have discovered
an important clue.
MAG MEL: [evil chuckle]
ANNOUNCER: Alrighty Battle Fans, it's that time again!
Today's Battle in Arena A features the new leader
of the Battle Brawlers, Shun Kazami!
ANNOUNCER: Let's check it out.
SHUN: Ability activate!
SHUN: Shooting Wind Dust Slash.
TAYLEAN: Hmmmmph!
Haaaaaah!
ENEMY BATTLER: [angry grunt]
ANNOUNCER: Whoa! Shun really schooled
his opponent with that one.
CROWD OF SPECTATORS: [wild cheering]
PAIGE: Aw man, that Shun is a total monster.
When was the last time you saw him take a break
from battling Rafe?
RAFE: Never. It's like he's afraid
that if he stops brawling, he'll just die.
ANNOUNCER: Shun Kazami continues his
unbeatable streak as he blazes his way up
the tournament ranks. Up next will be his final match
in Arena A where he will face the leader
of Team Anubias himself, Anubias.
The winner of that match, will then face-off against
the winner of the battle happening simultaneously
in Arena B. That mighty brawl features Marucho
of the Battle Brawlers against the head of Team Sellon,
Sellon!
CROWD OF SPECTATORS: [woots and cheers]
SHUN: Maybe I'll be fighting Marucho after all.
CROWD OF SPECTATORS: Ma-ru-cho! Ma-ru-cho! Ma-ru-cho!
SELLON: Time for a change of tune.
CROWD OF SPECTATORS: Sell-on! Sell-on! Sell-on!
SELLON: Can you hear me Anubias?
ANUBIAS: Every word. Loud and clear.
SELLON: Then are you ready to proceed as planned?
ANUBIAS: Don't worry about me.
ANNOUNCER: Bakugan Field, open!
ANUBIAS: Gate Card, set. [grunt]
ANUBIAS: Bakugan Brawl.
ANUBIAS: Bakugan Stand.
ANUBIAS: Rise Darkus Horridian!
SELLON: Ability activate.
SELLON : Ancient Levity!
TRISTAR: Whooooooaaa!
MARUCHO: Tristar!
Ability activate!
MARUCHO: Shield Cyclone.
TRISTAR: Yeeeeah!
TRISTAR: You like that?
SELLON: You managed to nullify Spyron's ability.
Very well then.
SELLON: BakuNano, Daftorix. Destroy!
MARUCHO: Well this stinks. [grunt, exertion reax]
TRISTAR: Marucho!
TRISTAR: Aaaaaaaarrrrrrggggh!
SELLON: BakuNano Daftorix, can create an array
of artificial weather phenomenon.
MARUCHO: She's totally crazy if she thinks
a little rain is all it will take to stop me.
MARUCHO: Gate Card, open!
MARUCHO: Clim Freeze!
MARUCHO: Command Card, Clim Freeze stops any
opponent Bakugan dead in their tracks
no matter how nasty the attack they're using.
TRISTAR: That's what I'm talking about, pal!
SELLON: I must confess, I underestimated
your abilities that time.
MARUCHO: Ability activate!
MARUCHO: Hyper Stream!
TRISTAR: Haaaaaaaaah!
ANNOUNCER: And Marucho of the Battle Brawlers
comes from behind to claim the victory!
MARUCHO: Nice one.
SELLON: [soft chuckle]
FEMALE SPECTATOR A: Don't worry Sellon, we still love you!
FEMALE SPECTATOR B: Yeah! You'll get him next time!
ANUBIAS: Ability activate.
ANUBIAS: Tribal Crusher!
SHUN: Ability activate.
SHUN: Metal Blast.
TAYLEAN: Haaaaaaaaah!
Hmmmph!
ANUBIAS: Stay still.
Ability activate!
ANUBIAS: Dirth Gardiner Alpha.
SHUN: Ability activate.
SHUN: Kazami Style, Shadow Alter Ego.
TAYLEAN: [rising mighty roar]
TAYLEAN: Hmmmmmph!
TAYLEAN: Haaaaaaaaah!
ANUBIAS: [angry grunt]
ANNOUNCER: Incredible. Kazami slams the opposition again.
NOAH: What! I can't believe Anubias lost.
No way.
BEN: So what's the matter kid?
Are you having second thoughts about joining
Team Anubias as our number one fan?
NOAH: Uh that's not what I'm saying. Not at all.
BEN: [laughter] NOAH: [gasp]
BEN: Relax. I'm just busting your chops kid.
BEN: Anubias must have had his reasons for letting Shun win.
'Cos normally he could take him down in a snap.
No problem.
ANNOUNCER: The bells are ringing
to signify the start of the Tournament's final battle.
In Arena C we'll be watching an historic match up.
That match pits teammates Marucho and Shun against
one another for the title of Interspace Champion!
MARUCHO: I'm sorry. I wish it didn't have to come to this
but you left me no choice.
SHUN: Hmmph. Marucho let's go!
SHUN: Just one more victory, Taylean! We can do this!
MARUCHO: Shun's our teammate but we still need
to take him down, Tristar!
ANNOUNCER: Bakugan Field, open!
MARUCHO: Gate Card, set! [grunt]
MARUCHO: Bakugan Brawl!
MARUCHO: Bakugan Stand!
MARUCHO: Come on, Aquos Tristar!
TRISTAR: Ready when you are big guy.
SHUN: Bakugan Brawl! [grunt]
SHUN: Bakugan Stand!
SHUN: Let's go, Ventus Taylean!
TAYLEAN: I'm with you all the way.
SHUN: Ability activate.
SHUN: Supreme Sword Storm.
TAYLEAN: Haaaaaaaaaah!
TRISTAR: Oh no!
MARUCHO: Hold on.
Ability activate!
MARUCHO: Brow Bunker!
TRISTAR: I don't think so.
SHUN: We'll see.
Ability activate!
SHUN: Slash Rise Thunder!
TAYLEAN: Haaaaaah!
TRISTAR: Arrrrrgggggghh!
PAIGE: Shun's really taking him to town.
RAFE: Yeah he is but, check out Marucho's face.
RAFE: That's one determined battler.
MARUCHO: This is so absurd that we're fighting each other Shun.
And it's all because you feel like you need to fill the void
left behind by Dan.
SHUN: Ability activate.
SHUN: Shooting Wind Dust Slash.
TAYLEAN: Haaaaaaaaah!
TRISTAR: Aaaaarrrrrgggghhhh!
SHUN: Ability activate.
SHUN: Done Red, Tokagemaru!
MARUCHO: You've fallen victim to the same arrogance as Dan.
MARUCHO: Gate Card, open!
Aquos Saver!
TRISTAR: [rising mighty roar]
MARUCHO: What happened to you, Shun?
SHUN: Huh?!?
MARUCHO: Ability activate!
MARUCHO: Hyper Stream.
TRISTAR: [rising mighty roar]
TAYLEAN: [grunt, pain reax]
TAYLEAN: Aaaarrrrrggggghhhh!
PAIGE: Whoooooa! Marucho just won the first round.
RAFE: Yeah maybe, but I wouldn't count Shun out.
Not this early.
SHUN: Ability activate!
SHUN: Metal Blast!
TAYLEAN: Hmmmmph!
MARUCHO: Ability activate.
MARUCHO: Abyss Cyclone.
TRISTAR: Hmmmmph!
TAYLEAN: Haaaah!
TRISTAR: Whoooa!
TAYLEAN: Hmmmmph!
TRISTAR: Aaaarrrrrggggghhhh!
SHUN: When Dan left us someone had to step up and take over.
Do you think I really wanted this job?
Ability activate!
SHUN: Slash Rise Thunder!
TRISTAR: Aaaarrrrgggghhhh!
MARUCHO: I know it's been tough since Dan left us
but no one asked you to take things on
by yourself, Shun!
MARUCHO: Gate Card, set.
Bakugan Brawl!
TRISTAR: [rising mighty roar]
SHUN: Bakugan Brawl!
TAYLEAN: Huuuuuuuuaaaah!
MARUCHO: You got so mad when Dan wouldn't ask for help
then you did the same thing!
Ability activate!
MARUCHO: Aquos Mine!
TRISTAR: Haaaaaaah!
TAYLEAN: Whoa!
MARUCHO: We're supposed to be a team, Shun,
but somehow you forgot that.
SHUN: Huh?
MARUCHO: Ability Activate!
MARUCHO: Hyper Pressure!
TAYLEAN: [grunt, pain reax]
SHUN: Ability activate!
SHUN: Shooting Storm Twister!
TAYLEAN: [rising mighty roar]
MARUCHO: Ability activate!
MARUCHO: Thresher Edge!
TRISTAR: Let's go, Taylean!
TAYLEAN: Bring it on, Tristar!
TAYLEAN: Hmmmmph!
TRISTAR: [grunt, pain reax]
TAYLEAN: Haaaaaah!
MARUCHO: You're not the only one who's in pain
over this situation, Shun. Dan was my best friend too.
Remember?
The Brawlers are a family, so when one of us
is hurting, we all are.
SHUN: Marucho.
MARUCHO: I won't let you ignore me anymore!
Gate Card, open!
MARUCHO: Egon Mainzer!
TRISTAR: I'm feeling all tingly with power.
MARUCHO: Egon Mainzer is a command card that boosts
the power level of the Bakugan who activated it.
TRISTAR: Yeeeeeeeeaaaaaaahhh!
TAYLEAN: Aaaaarrrrrrggggghhhhh!
TAYLEAN: Oooomph!
MARUCHO: That's it!
Keep going!
TRISTAR: Choke on this!
SHUN: Ability activate!
SHUN: Kazami-style, Ground Pulse Flash.
TRISTAR: No way!
MARUCHO: He's above you! Tristar!
TRISTAR: Huh?
TAYLEAN: Haaaaaaaaaaah!
MARUCHO: Whoa! The Gate Card!
TRISTAR: Oh man! My power's gone back to normal.
SHUN: Ability activate!
SHUN: Kazami-style, Slash Tornado!
TRISTAR: I can't see a thing, man!
MARUCHO: Tristar, hang on!
TRISTAR: [grunt, pain reax]
MARUCHO: Oh no! A direct hit!
TRISTAR: Aaaarrrrrgggggghhhh!
MARUCHO: [gasp]
ANNOUNCER: Shun Kazami is the winner!
What an incredible victory!
MARUCHO: I can't believe it. I just lost.
SHUN: Marucho, please stand up.
MARUCHO: Huh?
SHUN: You've really opened my eyes to things.
Thank-you, my friend.
MARUCHO: Really?
SHUN: I was so concerned about protecting Interspace,
that I completely lost sight of what was really important here.
MARUCHO: Our team!
SHUN: From now on we need to stick together, okay?
MARUCHO: Yeah! No matter what!
MARUCHO: Oh but first, promise me you'll pop out
to the real world to rest up for a while, okay?
SHUN: Sure. You bet.
CROWD OF SPECTATORS: [applause]
RAFE: So conflict made their bond stronger.
PAIGE: I gotta say, Marucho is an impressive little dude.
I think I'm becoming a real fan Rafe.
RAFE: Yeah, I think this battle has shown
what a strong character he is. He's tough.
SELLON: Hmmmph. Now, the Brawlers will be fighting
as a team again. The results should be spectacular!
ANUBIAS: Are you serious?
Hah! Why should I care at all?
SELLON: The strength of the energy produced by
their battles will free Mag Mel faster.
ANUBIAS: Whatever.
Just don't expect me to lose on purpose again.
SELLON: Hmmmph. You'll do whatever the Master requires.
And you'll do it with a smile, do you understand?
DRAGO: So we're in agreement that the lack
of control I have over my powers
is somehow connected to Code Eve.
DAN: Yeah, but we still don't have a clue
on how to put a leash on them do we?
DRAGO: Perhaps there was something faulty in my evolution
where I was unable to handle the strength of my new gifts.
After all, whenever a Bakugan evolves they're
supposed to get better, faster, stronger.
Maybe the defect isn't in the powers but in me.
DAN: It's not just you buddy.
DRAGO: What?
DAN: Whenever a Bakugan evolves, their partner needs to
advance as well. If you're having trouble
with your powers maybe it's because
I'm the one who hasn't come along as far as I need to.
DRAGO: Maybe you're right.
DAN: You and I need to work together
and push each other to be the best that we can be.
Then we can figure this thing out!
DRAGO: That sounds like the best plan I've heard in a long time.
DAN: Glad to hear it.
DAN: Well, I don't know about you, but I'm ready
to jump into some training exercises.
What do ya say?
DRAGO: Let's do it!
WYVERN: We may not have solved the entire riddle,
but these two are finally on a solid path to finding
the answers they need. Now if they can just remember
that the key to succeeding is working together. Always.
Good luck, friends. Until the next time we meet.
I'll be watching over you.
DRAGO: Huh?
DAN: Where did Wyvern go?
DRAGO: I don't know, but I wanted to say thank-you.
SELLON: The key and the gate, Sire?
MAG MEL: Correct.
MAG MEL: Humans are joined to their Bakugan by a switch code.
When Code Eve bestowed her powers upon Drago,
Dan's switch code became a type of key
and Drago's DNA became a gate.
ANUBIAS: I'm not sure I understand Master.
What is it you're saying?
MAG MEL: The reason Kuso and Drago have failed
to control their powers is because they haven't
been able to get their gate and key to work properly.
They're out of synch. I need you to steal both
elements before they figure it out.
MAG MEL: With the gate and the key I can take
Code Eve's powers and use them. Not only will I have total
control of all Bakugan but I will also be able
to make myself whole again.
ANUBIAS: I will gladly fetch that for you, Master.
MAG MEL: Sellon. ANUBIAS: [gasp]
MAG MEL: Go to New Vestroia and retrieve
that which I have asked for!
SELLON: And what if I have to destroy Dan and Drago
in the process, Sire?
MAG MEL: [evil chuckle] Do whatever it takes.
SELLON: Very well. I will make you proud Master Mag Mel.
SELLON: Try not to let things fall apart
while I'm gone, Anubias.
ANUBIAS: [angry grunt] SELLON: Hmmmph.
I will be back before you know it.
SELLON: So this is what New Vestroia looks like.
Good thing I won't be staying long.
DAN: After Wyvern's help, thing s were starting to look up for
Drago and I. We were starting to get our groove back.
Not only that, but back on Earth Marucho and Shun
had patched up their differences and were fighting
as a team again. But then we got thrown another curve ball.
Some creepy chick who was sent by Mag Mel showed up
and started causing trouble. She was serious business too.
She could control multiple Mechtogan at the same time!
It was gonna take everything we had to stop her!
Don't believe me? Tune in to se e the insanity she unleashed!
DAN: It's chaos like no one's ever seen before!
\u266a [MUSIC]